[footsteps]
[ROBIN]
There it is!
the Babyls I've dreamed of!
[chuckles]
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age fourteen.
One day, he found himself
the grandson
of a demon named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves
and spoils Iruma
and is even sending him
to the most prestigious school
in the land.
But there is just
one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever let them
find out I'm human,
or I'm gonna get eaten
for sure!
[IRUMA/CLARA/ASMODEUS]
"Together with Familiars!"
Today is,
today is the day
I finally tell him
how I really, truly feel!
Badump, badump.
Step, step.
Kakeru.
Oh my gosh, I'm so scared.
What should I do?
But no matter how scared I am,
I can't go back now.
Clench!
Shake, shake!
I have to go for it!
Facing your fears.
That was the first time
I've done something like that.
[yelling]
[gasps]
We, we won?
I won?!
[KALEGO] Iruma, I hereby approve
your promotion to Bet.
[IRUMA]
Everyone else was happy, too,
so, of course,
that made me really happy.
[AMERI]
And then what happened?
Huh?
Well, what happened
right after that?
After that?
Uh, well, I...
That's a good question.
What does happen next?
Rin decided to tell Kakeru
exactly how she felt,
and she was waiting for him
in the hallway.
What happens next?
I need to know!
Oh yeah, right! Uhh...
"What in the world should I do?
Kakeru is getting closer.
"And looks like he's with
a whole bunch of his friends.
"My heart's pounding!
Oh, what should I do?
Please, someone tell me!
I have no idea what to do."
-[DEMON CLOCK shrieking]
-[AMERI sighs]
I'm bursting with curiosity,
but classes are about to begin.
I shall be in touch soon.
-Huh?
-[door opens]
[door closes]
[IRUMA]
What has my dream become now?
What are my ambitions?
Should I just try
to raise my rank again?
Nice to meet you, everyone!
I will be your
familiars class teacher,
and my name is...
Robin Balse!
Thrilled to meet ya!
[IRUMA] This new teacher
seems really motivated
and excited to be here!
Yes, I got so lost
in my preparations
that I missed
the entrance ceremony.
Oh no!
That day's already passed!
Sorry my first day teaching here
ended up being so delayed!
My attention span can be
fairly scattered at times,
but I'll make sure
classes are spot on!
On that note,
let's all do our best together!
Hip, hip, hooray!
Oh yeah,
you're the Sharp-teach!
Now, now, listen carefully.
If you want to say
that line properly,
what you'd say
is "sharp focus teacher!"
I see!
Sharp, sharp, got it!
Now, let's get started, okay?
Today's lesson is,
interacting with
your familiars.
[IRUMA] Uh-oh,
this could be a bit tricky.
Pay attention. Your familiar
will be your partner.
You'll be bonded forever.
Today, I've made arrangements
for you all
to get some special
bonding time with them!
Let's start with
Asmodeus Alice, is that right?
Yes, sir.
Gorgon Snake, show yourself!
A real Gorgon Snake,
remarkable!
-[SABNOCK] Ha!
-[ROBIN] Huh?
You'd best brace yourself,
for mine is more amazing!
Ha!
Come forth, Kelbie!
Heh!
[ROBIN]
Whoa, a Kelbie!
Both these creatures
are excellent familiars!
We're off
to an astounding start!
Unlike your pathetic,
slithering familiar,
Kelbie actually has legs
to walk on!
And behold its massive mane!
And you, behold
my regal Gorgon Snake!
Look at how it gazes at me
with pure admiration.
-[GORGON SNAKE hisses]
-[KELBIE snarls]
[LEAD chuckles]
There they go again,
like clockwork.
[GOEMON]
Let's just relax
and take it in
until it's our turn.
Uh...
Next up, we have,
where is Clara Valac?
Here!
Suhsuhsuh, summoning!
Falfal!
[FALFAL]
Falfal.
Falfal?! Wonderful!
What a rare find?!
One whose words and actions
are a complete mystery!
I wonder how she managed
to tame it.
Wha... It's tamed her.
-[sighs]
-[CLARA giggling]
[laughs]
There are so many
fascinating students here!
-Huh?
-What's the matter, Falfal?
Roger that, let's go!
[panting]
Hey, wait up!
Uh, what was
your name again?
[humming]
-[CLARA screams]
-Hmm?
Hey there, Come-Come!
[COME-COME]
Stop!
One red bean bun!
And would you make it snappy,
please? Thanks!
Which do you want,
chunky or smooth?
Choose one. Quickly!
Let me see, now.
-[CLARA] Heya!
-Huh?
I bought a red bean bun
for you!
The chunky kind,
just like you wanted!
-How is it? Do you like it?
-Oh!
And they can even communicate
without words?!
I certainly didn't expect this!
Well, if you're sure,
I humbly accept!
Right, next up,
We have Iruma Suzuki!
-Iruma?
-Uh, yes.
[ROBIN] What's the matter?
Where's your familiar?
Uh, well, you see--
-Ah yeah, that's right.
-Huh?
I guess you haven't
heard yet, huh?
See, Iruma's familiar is...
Um, if I call mine, I'm...
-...dead.
-[ROBIN] What?!
Listen, Iruma!
The master can't be scared
of his familiar!
Now come on,
just show it to me!
Don't disappoint me now, Iruma!
Uh, I... okay.
[NARRATOR] If you'll recall,
Iruma is a total pushover.
[MARBAS] Uh, pardon me,
Professor Kalego,
we've received another complaint
from a student
saying that you're being
just a bit too harsh on them.
What?!
[yelps]
He's so scary.
Well, sir, maybe you could
try being nicer.
[KALEGO scoffs]
I'm only weeding out
the refuse.
No matter what reason arises,
an educator must maintain
dignity when teaching.
Huh?
Ah!
Whoa!
It's Professor Familiar!
'Sup, Familiar-Teach?
So fluffy!
[grunts]
[grumbles]
Sorry! Sorry!
Sorry! Sorry! Sorry!
Die.
[IRUMA]
Sorry! I'm so sorry!
Adorable!
You are the fluffiest--
[KALEGO]
Stop! It's repellent!
Bastard, you dare try
and humiliate Naberius Kalego?
Huh? Whoa!
This familiar can talk, too!
[KALEGO]
Enough, damn it! Die.
Professor!
[KALEGO screaming]
[NARRATOR] If a familiar
defies its master,
it is swiftly punished.
-[IRUMA whimpering]
-[KALEGO groans]
Hurry up,
undo the summoning.
Hey now!
You can't stop just like that!
[IRUMA/KALEGO]
Huh?
The Babyls Teachers' Guidelines!
"Remain dignified
and no special exemptions!"
No matter what reason comes up,
it's my sworn responsibility
to always be dignified
when I'm teaching students.
[NARRATOR]
If you hadn't guessed,
the one who wrote
the Babyls Teachers' Guidelines
was of course Kalego the fami--
uh, Kalego himself.
[KALEGO grumbles]
This is Professor Robin's
first day,
so he doesn't have
any idea
that's actually
Professor Kalego.
We should probably tell him,
you think?
-Hmm?
-Nah, let's keep quiet.
This is getting
way too good.
-[GOEMON] I totally concur.
-Hmm?
-Yeah!
[KALEGO grumbling]
[HARUNO]
Isn't that Professor Familiar?
Ah! That's Kalego?
How does he turn
into something so cute?!
I guess that Iruma kid
must have summoned him again.
Iruma's here?
Where, show me?!
[DOSANKO]
Oh my!
Shame on you,
you naughty wind.
Oh.
[grumbles]
[whimpers]
I highly object
to being your familiar.
You must know this.
Right.
However!
It goes against my policy
to disturb an institute
of learning
for purely personal reasons.
Therefore...
in every lesson henceforth,
only get the
highest score possible!
You will continually achieve
all high scores
and obtain far more credits
in supplemental classes.
Don't you dare mess up
in front
of that silly,
blathering sprite.
-Got it?
-Got it!
Huh. First, I'll drill
the basics into your head.
Right!
The blood pact runs deep.
A summon
from the master is absolute.
Its shape, size, and form is
also influenced by its master.
[IRUMA] The familiar
is influenced by its master.
Yeah, I see the resemblance!
Which means
I'm in this ridiculous,
humiliating incarnation
entirely because of you!
Also, the only time a familiar
must truly obey its master
is when it is summoned.
Remember that.
Hey, you guys!
-Let's play with this thing!
-[ALL] Huh?!
It's perfect to help build trust
with your familiar!
Oh yeah! I wanna play!
Fal, fal, fal.
Haha! Excellent job, there!
Okay, you guys are up next.
I'm now expected to fetch?
I couldn't ask you to do that.
I see. So you won't do it.
That's too bad,
I'll just have to bring down
your score.
-What?!
[KALEGO]
Game on.
Really, are you sure?
[KALEGO]
Throw it already.
Okay.
[grunts]
[grumbles]
[LEAD]
Whoa, Professor's walking!
Wasn't sure he could. Wow!
-Hey, Iruma! Listen up!
-Huh?
[JAZZ] Familiar-teach is doing
a really good job!
You should complement him!
That won't go like
you think it will!
[grunting]
[CAMUI]
Oh, he's got it! Amazing!
[ELIZABETTA] Oh,
what a loyal little familiar.
[LEAD]
He looks super-pissed.
[JAZZ] Iruma's gonna get it
later for sure.
[IRUMA]
Uh, thank you very much.
Ah, wonderful job,
just wonderful!
Now, high five each other
on your shared success!
O-okay.
High, high five!
-[KALEGO] High five!
-[ROBIN] Fantastic!
Now, let's continue
to build up
your mutual trust
with a fun exercise!
-Next, dance with your familiar.
-[BOTH] Yay! Yay! Yay!
-[ROBIN] Now, chase each other!
-[BOTH laughing]
[ROBIN]
A three-legged race!
I see you're trusting each other
more by the second!
Delightful!
[KALEGO]
That dingus newbie!
Getting closer, my ass!
I'm doomed.
-Uh, excuse me, Professor.
-Huh?
It wasn't an emergency,
but I still had to summon you
and put you through so much.
I'm sorry, Professor.
Hey. When you were about
to be attacked
by the Guardian
of Cutthroat Valley,
why didn't you think
to summon me then?
Do I appear weak to you?
Oh, no, no,
it's nothing like that!
I just didn't want
to burden you!
And besides,
I thought, well...
Well what?
I thought if,
if I had summoned you,
either you or the Guardian
of Cutthroat Valley
might have ended up hurt.
-[PEOPLE cheering]
-Huh?
This is a waste of time!
Let us settle the matter
the proper way, by force!
If you insist.
I'll reduce that horse
to a pile
of soft, green ash!
Hey, hey, hey!
What do you think you're doing?!
You can't use
your familiars to fight!
-Oh, just shut up!
-Aah!
-What are they...
-[ASMODEUS] Face me!
-[SABNOCK] Face me!
[KALEGO]
Silence!
[BOTH]
Aah!
[KALEGO]
Pathetic.
[KALEGO] Take a good look
around you, idiots!
-Hey, newbie.
-Yes?
Explain why trust is so crucial
between masters and familiars.
Huh? Well, a familiar
is a servant and--
[KALEGO]
Wrong!
It's so no one is devoured.
But if a familiar disobeys,
they're punished.
-This isn't about the masters.
-Huh?
I'm talking about
everyone around them.
Around them?
[KALEGO] Familiars are
neither pets nor partners.
They are magical beasts
who can instantly turn violent
if their masters falter.
Fear your familiars,
you brats.
That is what true trust is.
It appears that only one
of you, inexplicably,
had the right idea
about this.
If you understand,
then start treating
your familiars with respect!
-Right now!
-Sir, yes, sir!
[NARRATOR] And thus, interaction
with the familiars was modified,
and both entities
became closer.
-How does that feel?
-[KALEGO] Hmm.
[NARRATOR]
Meanwhile...
-[ROBIN grunts]
-Start over.
Aw, but why, though?
You're so strict!
And the rift between senior
and junior grew wider.
You are so fluffy!
[GROUP] [chanting]
331,
330,
329,
-328...
-[door creaking]
...327,
326...
[IRUMA/CLARA/ASMODEUS]
"The Battler's Challenge."
[IRUMA] This is what
Bets get to eat?!
It's so much fancier!
I'm gonna dig in!
Mmm! It's so good!
-We're proud of you, Iruma-kins!
-[ASMODEUS chuckles]
[chuckles]
But it's kinda weird.
Where is everybody?
I haven't been here
that long,
but I've never seen the
first-year cafeteria this empty.
Well, you see...
-[HARUNO] Oh my!
-[ALL] Huh?
[GIRLS squealing]
-It's actually Asmodeus!
-Such a hottie!
Please, can I shake
your hand?!
[DOSANKO]
There's finally a guy
worthy enough
to be in my league.
-Huh?
-[DOSANKO giggles]
[IRUMA groans]
Iruma, sir!
Such insolence! Out!
[GIRLS]
Huh?
Are you hurt at all, Master?
No, I'm fine.
Iruma?
You're here, too?
Aren't you the one who...
[ALL]
Huh?
Who's the evil demon
who has teachers
at his beck and call, controlled
the Guardian of the Valley,
and attacked his classmate?!
[IRUMA] That story's gotten
a bit embellished!
Don't get too close,
he'll attack you!
[IRUMA]
Wait a sec.
What? But how could he...
Your rank is Alef, isn't it?
[ALL]
Huh?!
Oh, in that case,
it's whatever.
Oh, Asmodeus! Your Dalet badge
is devi awesome!
What's the Misfit Class like?
I bet you're
the coolest one there.
Wanna get on the scale
of love with me,
'cause time's a-wastin'!
[CLARA] [grunts]
You're all wrong!
Iruma-kins just became
a Bet the other day!
[GIRLS]
Huh?
[HARUNO]
You're right!
So sorry!
We jumped the gun.
We didn't know you were a Bet.
That is pretty impressive.
You should come talk to us.
Uh, okay.
Now that I've gotten
a better look at you,
you're kinda cute.
[growls]
[alarm blaring]
Huh? What's that sound?
Crap! Let's go.
Yeah. Bye-bye, now!
See you later!
See you soon.
Uh, sure.
Don't let the door hit ya!
So those girls were pretty
intense, wouldn't you say?
Honestly, Master, how dare
they treat you like that?
Though I guess
it can't be helped
that they assumed
you were still an Alef.
-Huh?
-What's wrong?
Uh, nothing!
I guess ranks matter more
to demons than I thought.
But why'd they run out
of here so quickly?
Oh yeah, that's right.
-Huh?
Feast your eyes.
[IRUMA]
What is it?
[ASMODEUS]
I brought you to the cafeteria
because I want
to discuss it with you.
-Battlers?
-Indeed.
They're a group that
basically concentrates
on the sole purpose
of raising their ranks higher.
Students who possess
similar talents, interests,
and ideals get together
and network.
For example, Flight Battlers.
Magic Creature Battlers.
Pharmaceutical Studies Battlers.
Magic, wisdom, strength
are all things they train
to improve in
as well as leadership courses.
Being Battlers helps them
raise their ranks.
Huh.
[ASMODEUS]
There's a group promotion exam
reserved for Battlers,
but it's possible
to raise your rank
through personal
achievements, too.
About 60 percent
of the student body
is in some kind
of Battler group,
and it's also great
for forging connections
with upperclassmen.
-Huh?
Group activities where you're
with upperclassmen, huh?
I get it!
They're clubs, right?!
-A club?
-The chubs?
[ALL]
Fifty-nine.
Clubs,
how about that?
I was always too busy
to join any.
The idea intrigued me,
but I never got around to it.
If you are interested,
then I shall go with you!
Although I'm not quite sure
what clubs are.
Oh, uh...
Let's get you to Gimel.
No, wait,
we'll move you Dalet!
I'm sure
this will assist you
in raising your rank,
Iruma, sir!
We'll help you!
Oh, right. The ranks,
I just thought of them
as practice
to create goals for myself,
and I worked really hard
to become a Bet.
I wonder if rising to Gimel
should be my next goal.
It feels like I'm just going
with the flow again.
But now, I know
how great it is to have one goal
to focus all your energy on.
On the other hand,
maybe I can find true ambition
through the Battlers
and go even further!
Right now, I want to push myself
and try new things!
Yeah! Let's find the Battlers!
I'd love to!
-Yay, yay, yay!
-As you wish, master.
[IRUMA] A real club!
They're sorta like this, right?
[ASMODEUS] Now that
that's settled, Iruma, sir.
Uh-huh?
Sit right here.
Um, what am I...
I knew it was smart
to bring you here
to the cafeteria!
We'll have a good view of
the entrance from this position.
[IRUMA]
The entrance?
[alarm blaring]
-They've arrived.
-They're coming!
Hmm?!
What in the--
You see, the senior Battlers
are on their way here
to recruit
first-year students.
[rumbling]
[ALL shouting]
[ASMODEUS]
They call it The Rookie Hunt!
Where are the first-years?!
Come out, come out and play,
first-years!
[screams]
We're here for you,
first-years!
[screams]
Su-ki-ma-shashashashasha!
[EIKO] In order
to get closer to Iruma,
I, Eiko, have thought up
a brilliant plan.
It's simple!
I'm just going to become
good friends
with Professor Kalego first,
since he's his familiar!
I'm a little bit scared.
But he turns into
such a floofy little familiar.
I bet he's really nice.
K-Ka... Professor Kalego!
What?!
[echoing]
[NARRATOR] After this,
Eiko spent three hours
recovering from shock
in an infirmary bed.
[IRUMA] So I guess being
in the Battlers is like a club.
This will be
my first time working
with my school... friends
to achieve
a common goal together.
I'm doing
so many cool things
I never got to do
in the human world!
Next time, "The Rookie Hunt."
I guess there are
all kinds of Battlers.
Oh, that Battler looks fun.
Ooh, so does that one!
Wait, where am I?
The Magic Apparatus Battler?